adds BuildTools cmake eg (#44)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocBLAS-Examples: BuildTools/CMake/README.md

# rocBLAS-Examples CMake

> This rocBLAS example shows the use of CMake to build an excutable that utilizes rocBLAS.  The main.cpp C++ code illustrates nothing new, and the standard Makefiles provide for the entire rocBLAS-Examples make build system so they can be ignored.  Thus the only files of interest are the CMake files CMakeLists.txt and src/CMakeLists.txt.   The CMake project depends only on the rocBLAS package which automatically brings in the rocBLAS dependencies for hip to allow inclusion of hip header files in main.cpp without explicit include search paths being added.  This example assumes you are already familiar with CMake as it will not explain the structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use rocBLAS in a C++ program with a CMake build system.  The focus for this example is the setup in [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt) and [src/CMakeLists.txt](src/CMakeLists.txt).  The C++ code in `main.cpp` is just a trivial example of a rocBLAS call, and the Makefiles are just the part of the rocBLAS-Examples make build system, so they can be ignored.  The CMake project depends only on the rocBLAS package, which automatically brings in the rocBLAS dependencies for hip. This allows inclusion of hip header files in `main.cpp` without having to explicitly specify include search paths. 
```

I edited it a bit for grammar, but mostly to focus on what the example is about.

## Documentation
Run the example without any command line arguments to use default values for a matrix size.  Otherwise a single argument runs the geam function with (M=N=argument with alpha=1, beta=2).

    Usage: ./build/src/example-cmake [size]
        [size]          Matrix dimension (default 2048)

## Building

> These examples require that you have an installation of rocBLAS on your machine. You do not require sudo or other access to build these examples which default to compile using gcc but can also use the the hipcc compiler from the rocBLAS installation.  If rocBLAS is not installed you can set the environment variable ROCBLAS_PATH to point to the location of your rocblas build.  Note the standard cmake style of building is invoked via make using the file Makefile.cmake.   However, using this pattern yourself you don't need the top level Makefiles and would invoke cmake directly from a build directory, and can specify the compiler using the form: CXX=g++ cmake ..

Reviewer: This could use an edit pass. In particular, breaking up run-on sentences.

> the hipcc compiler from the rocBLAS installation

That bit seems like it might confuse people.

Author: Tidied up a bit.
